{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1035{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red155\green0\blue211;\red209\green144\blue73;\red0\green77\blue187;\red0\green128\blue0;\red165\green165\blue165;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sl276\slmult1\tx1704\lang11\b\f0\fs22 TEMPLATE - For Pleasure Club\b0\par
\pard\sl276\slmult1\par
\cf1\b ==========================================================================\cf0\b0\par
\cf1\b =Character Summary: ======================================================\cf0\b0\par
\i (callsign, what they do, what they plan on, plus any extra details - keep it light)\i0\par
\par
Dryad.\par
\par
A cheery green dress young lady that is mostly focused on handjobs.\par
\par
She will temporarily turn her arms, your arms and your dick into smooth green plant-like tentacles. These changes are reversible at will.\par
\par
Her personality is lively, down to earth / casual, warm and positive. She takes the lead and flirts freely, though not heavily; casual approach.\par
\par
\cf2\b ==========================================================================\cf0\b0\par
\cf2\b =Scene List:  ===============================================================\cf0\b0\par
\i (at a glance, the selection of individual scenes the player can view)\par
\i0\par
Handjob vanilla\par
Her hand tentacles\par
Your hand tentacles\par
Both person hand tentacles\par
Your dick tentacle\par
All person hands and dick\par
\par
\par
\cf3\b ==========================================================================\cf0\b0\par
\cf3\b =Location: ================================================================\cf0\b0\par
\i (where to find or discover, general gist how EC is met)\i0\par
\par
Dressing Rooms. \par
\par
Dryad is simply hanging out in the area visibly, looking good and beckoning the player to approach her.\par
\par
\cf4\b ==========================================================================\cf0\b0\par
\cf4\b =Encounter(s): ============================================================\cf0\b0\par
\i (the content, with all its branches and variations & progressions)\i0\par
\par
>DRESSING ROOM A\par
\par
You are now in the [adj] dressing room.\par
\par
Scanning the room with your eyes, you see following options before you:\par
\par
A young lady in a green dress is looking upon you with a warm smile. She's giving you a hand gesture to come her way.\par
\par
>DRYAD OPTION\par
(Dryad - Green dress lady with a warm smile - hints: handjob, green tentacles.)\par
\par
[P approached EC.]\par
\par
[EC starts the conversation, gouges the player interest with a handjob, flirts and paints a nice picture of what would happen if P agrees.]\par
+different if \par
-first time\par
-said no the first time, but came back (short text change)\par
-coming for another/next round \par
-coming as maxed out / all scenes loyal customer\par
\par
[CHOICE Y / N - comes with a hint to expect a handjob, but nothing is said of the tentacles at this point. Those come revealed or hinted later.]\par
\par
[Y] - Continue, respond affirmatively.\par
[N] - Retreat for now, I should go. ->Back to Dressing Rooms\par
\par
=== QQT1\par
\par
[On continue, you both go to a private spot in the dressing rooms where its just the two of you, she guides you there saying she's happy you said yes.]\par
\par
[You both arrive and sit down comfortably on the side of a bed, slightly turned towards one another]\par
\par
[She gets to it, fishes the penis out of your pants and starts the foreplay]\par
\par
\cf5\strike [She does a couple of techniques. First starts up with a warm up, then gives a choice of slower or faster tempo]\par
\par
[faster results in more intense stimulation, but is shorter]\par
[slower results in more teasing, deliberate longer stimulation]\par
\par
[both lead to their own orgasm scenes]\cf0\strike0\par
\par
[she smiles with satisfaction and gives you a kiss on the cheek, as she does so, she also whispers to you ear to come again, she'll make you feel good if you do. As she does this, she briefly trails a finger at the back of your neck and you get a strange pleasant sensation, like her finger was a bit more... floppy and smoother just then? While in a confused joyous afterglow, you lazily glance back at her and see that its just her hand.]\par
\par
[Keep coming back, you know you'll love it, she coos.]\par
\par
[And with that, you take your leave back at the Dressing rooms, thanking her as you go]\par
\par
>EXIT TO DRESSING ROOMS\par
\par
\par
[after the third session, she does that little extra technique she does at the end, but then asks you if you're liking this sensation and want a bit more of it. You can shrug or say yes.] \par
\par
[If you shrug, then she stops and says something and then it ends as usual in Tier1 - she'll keep repeating this after each subsequent time you come back to her.]\par
\par
[If you say yes, then she asks you to close your eyes (she also puts her one hand to block the eye view too) and does an extra bit of aftercare with a tentacle hand - but behind your back, starting from the neck, then slowly trailing downwards towards the thigh, past the groin, then going a bit up towards the groin. For a moment, you feel the tentacles - but can't see them - on your dick, giving a very exotic and arousing sensation. But then she suddenly stops, saying if you liked that, come back tomorrow to me and ask for it. She blows you a kiss and gives you a nod.]\par
\par
[this causes an exit to GO HOME + a dream about that sensations you experienced]\par
\par
[next time you go to her, you get the option to ask for the usual handjob, or ask for that sensation specifically.]\par
\par
[If you do it, she'll then raise her hand to eye level and while staring you straigth in the eyes, she tells you to observe. Starting from the tip, her hand gradually turns to green and the fingers begins to morphs into smooth plant like tentacles. soon her hand looks quite exotic and exciting, lewd even.]\par
\par
[Choice - Eagerly say yes or Uhh I dunno about that]\par
[Choice - Are you sure you don't want this? Y/N]\par
\cf5\strike If you choose the "no" option, she smirks (thinking "heh, guess not this one") and waves her hand infront of you in a quick motion. suddenly, you lose the memory of seeing the tentacle hand magic and see that her hand is all normal again. You suddenly find yourself standing in the lobby like nothing happened and not being aware of it.\cf0\strike0\par
APPEND EDIT: no mindwipe anymore, just stop the session and give a "come back if u change your mind" invitation. exit to dressing rooms.\par
\par
\cf5\strike [You try to think if you were doing anything in the previous 5 minutes, but nah, nothing comes to mind. Oh well guess you just zoned out for a moment and lost your train of thought. What do you want to do next?]\cf0\strike0\par
\par
[If you go Yes, then you're assumed to be *eager* about this and *willing* to whatever happens next, so player dialogue and actions are now cleared to reflect on that with permission.]\par
\par
=== QQT2\par
\par
[You see her face light up brighter than ever before as she can barely contain her smile and blushes brightly red. As soon as she paused to enjoy the moment of success, she continues as her expression becomes more focused, while still keeping that adorable smile on her face.]\par
\par
[She then says something appreciative and that she's taken a liking to you. She gives you a moment to admire her hand as she's still holding it at head level, then says something to hype it up while staring you in the face, while slowly lowering her hand, first touching your chin, giving the first sensation, then trailing down your neck, chest, belly and towards the groin - very slowly, all the while arousing you verbally "imagine how this will feel when I reach down there"]\par
\par
[at the groin, she hovers her hand above the already rock hard penis, biting her lip as she watches your facial reaction as you watch her hand being so close to its target]\par
\par
[she then pauses and holds her hand there, when you look up again to see her face, thats when she grabs it and starts stimulating you, her tentacle hand wrapping and swarming around your dick, enveloping it entirely.]\par
\par
[your senses are quickly overwhelmed and your eyes go wide, the wrapped smooth green tentacles are stroking, moving and sliding accross every centimeter of your shaft]\par
\par
[then do some different techniques as the cums slowly builds up in the testicles]\par
\par
[do the orgasm part]\par
\par
[do the aftercare part]\par
\par
[Next unlock each new scene on the list*]\par
* you are free to choose Tier 1, 2, 3 or 4 scenes. As you unlock them.]\par
\par
[After doing the final session she has to offer, tick the tutor flag on and make the character say that the player too could do neuromancy and should check with anna if they're interested in learning more. Each char has their own style of saying it.]\par
\par
\par
\par
}
 