{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1035{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red155\green0\blue211;\red0\green77\blue187;\red0\green128\blue0;\red209\green144\blue73;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sl276\slmult1\lang11\b\f0\fs22 Dryad - For Pleasure Club\b0\par
\par
\cf1\b ==========================================================================\cf0\b0\par
\cf1\b =Character Summary: ======================================================\cf0\b0\par
\i (callsign, what they do, what they plan on, plus any extra details - keep it light)\i0\par
\par
Dryad, a cheery green dress young lady that is mostly focused on handjobs.\par
\par
Her special magic is about turning limbs of people into green plant-like tentacles - and perhaps some other dryad esque magic. Ya know - something something nature / plant / green / flowers related. Her closest technical analog would be Lily from MGQ, but without the malice and hate, just the tentacle arms.\par
\par
Her end goal is to turn your dick, arms and legs into green plant-like tentacles, then having you join her harem of tentacle hivemass - where you are 24/7 feeling pleasure, servicing her during off hours and interacting lovingly with the rest of the tentacle buddies in the harem elsetimes. She has a seperate secret room/basement for this stuff that the player is introduced to once they repeat her enough times and say yes during certain choices.\par
\par
Do note this TF is willing and reversable. The player is also still mostly human, atleast torso, neck and head wise, with minor internal adjustments to the brain and organs that make non-stop existence through pleasure sustainable. Should the player want to, they could just ask to turn back to being human and leave... but its not really likely to happen due to how good and addicting it feels.\par
\par
Her personality is lively, down to earth / casual, warm and positive. She takes the lead and flirts freely, if lightly. She gives opportunities to the player to make choices about\par
\par
\par
\cf2\b ==========================================================================\cf0\b0\par
\cf2\b =Location: ================================================================\cf0\b0\par
\i (where to find or discover, general gist how EC is met)\i0\par
\par
Dressing Rooms. Dryad is simply hanging out in the area visibly, looking good and beckoning the player to approach her.\par
\par
\cf3\b ==========================================================================\cf0\b0\par
\cf3\b =Encounter(s): ============================================================\cf0\b0\par
\i (the meat, with all its branches and variations & progressions)\i0\par
\par
CTRL+F CODES\par
QQT1 - TIER1SCENES - Handjob vanilla\par
QQT2 - TIER2SCENES - Her hand tentacles\par
QQT3 - TIER3SCENES - Your hand tentacles\par
QQT4 - TIER4SCENES - Your dick tentacle\par
QQFE - FINALENDING - All out tentacle transformations\par
\par
>DRESSING ROOM A\par
\par
You are now in the [adj] dressing room.\par
\par
Scanning the room with your eyes, you see following options before you:\par
\par
A young lady in a green dress is looking upon you with a warm smile. She's giving you a hand gesture to come her way.\par
\par
>DRYAD OPTION\par
(Dryad - Green dress lady with a warm smile - hints: handjob, green tentacles.)\par
\par
[P approached EC.]\par
\par
[EC starts the conversation, gouges the player interest with a handjob, flirts and paints a nice picture of what would happen if P agrees.]\par
+different if \par
-first time\par
-said no the first time, but came back\par
-coming for another/next round \par
-coming for final time\par
\par
[CHOICE Y / N - comes with a hint to expect a handjob, but nothing is said of the tentacles at this point. Those come revealed or hinted later.]\par
\par
[Y] - Continue, respond affirmatively.\par
[N] - Retreat for now, I should go. ->Back to Dressing Rooms\par
\par
=== QQT1\par
\par
[On continue, you both go to a private spot in the dressing rooms where its just the two of you, she guides you there saying she's happy you said yes.]\par
\par
[You both arrive and sit down comfortably on the side of a bed, slightly turned towards one another]\par
\par
[She gets to it, fishes the penis out of your pants and starts the foreplay]\par
\par
[She does a couple of techniques. First starts up with a warm up, then gives a choice of slower or faster tempo]\par
\par
[faster results in more intense stimulation, but is shorter]\par
[slower results in more teasing, deliberate longer stimulation]\par
\par
[both lead to their own orgasm scenes]\par
\par
[she smiles with satisfaction and gives you a kiss on the cheek, as she does so, she also whispers to you ear to come again, she'll make you feel good if you do. As she does this, she briefly trails a finger at the back of your neck and you get a strange pleasant sensation, like her finger was a bit more... floppy and smoother just then? While in a confused joyous afterglow, you lazily glance back at her and see that its just her hand.]\par
\par
[Keep coming back, you know you'll love it, she coos.]\par
\par
[And with that, you take your leave back at the Dressing rooms, thanking her as you go]\par
\par
>EXIT TO DRESSING ROOMS\par
\par
\par
[after the third session, she does that little extra technique she does at the end, but then asks you if you're liking this sensation and want a bit more of it. You can shrug or say yes.] \par
\par
[If you shrug, then she stops and says something and then it ends as usual in Tier1 - she'll keep repeating this after each subsequent time you come back to her.]\par
\par
[If you say yes, then she asks you to close your eyes (she also puts her one hand to block the eye view too) and does an extra bit of aftercare with a tentacle hand - but behind your back, starting from the neck, then slowly trailing downwards towards the thigh, past the groin, then going a bit up towards the groin. For a moment, you feel the tentacles - but can't see them - on your dick, giving a very exotic and arousing sensation. But then she suddenly stops, saying if you liked that, come back tomorrow to me and ask for it. She blows you a kiss and gives you a nod.]\par
\par
[this causes an exit to GO HOME + a dream about that sensations you experienced]\par
\par
[next time you go to her, you get the option to ask for the usual handjob, or ask for that sensation specifically.]\par
\par
[If you do it, she'll then raise her hand to eye level and while staring you straigth in the eyes, she tells you to observe. Starting from the tip, her hand gradually turns to green and the fingers begins to morphs into smooth plant like tentacles. soon her hand looks quite exotic and exciting, lewd even.]\par
\par
[Choice - Eagerly say yes or Uhh I dunno about that]\par
[Choice - Are you sure you don't want this? Y/N]\par
If you choose the "no" option, she smirks (thinking "heh, guess not this one") and waves her hand infront of you in a quick motion. suddenly, you lose the memory of seeing the tentacle hand magic and see that her hand is all normal again. You suddenly find yourself standing in the lobby like nothing happened and not being aware of it.\par
\par
[You try to think if you were doing anything in the previous 5 minutes, but nah, nothing comes to mind. Oh well guess you just zoned out for a moment and lost your train of thought. What do you want to do next?]\par
\par
[If you go Yes, then you're assumed to be *eager* about this and *willing* to whatever happens next, so player dialogue and actions are now cleared to reflect on that with permission.]\par
\par
=== QQT2\par
\par
[You see her face light up brighter than ever before as she can barely contain her smile and blushes brightly red. As soon as she paused to enjoy the moment of success, she continues as her expression becomes more focused, while still keeping that adorable smile on her face.]\par
\par
[She then says something appreciative and that she's taken a liking to you. She gives you a moment to admire her hand as she's still holding it at head level, then says something to hype it up while staring you in the face, while slowly lowering her hand, first touching your chin, giving the first sensation, then trailing down your neck, chest, belly and towards the groin - very slowly, all the while arousing you verbally "imagine how this will feel when I reach down there"]\par
\par
[at the groin, she hovers her hand above the already rock hard penis, biting her lip as she watches your facial reaction as you watch her hand being so close to its target]\par
\par
[she then pauses and holds her hand there, when you look up again to see her face, thats when she grabs it and starts stimulating you, her tentacle hand wrapping and swarming around your dick, enveloping it entirely.]\par
\par
[your senses are quickly overwhelmed and your eyes go wide, the wrapped smooth green tentacles are stroking, moving and sliding accross every centimeter of your shaft]\par
\par
[then do some different techniques as the cums slowly builds up in the testicles]\par
\par
[do the orgasm part]\par
\par
[do the aftercare part]\par
\par
[Next do a selection of the following\par
* different styles of tentacle hand handjobs (tier 2 with 1-4 alternatives /variants)\par
* turn your hands into tentacles temporarily and do guided self-stroking, her hands remain normal. (tier 3)\par
* turn your penis into a tentacle / thick vine and have both her and your human hands stroke it at the same time (tier 4)]\par
* combine tentacle dick with her tentacle hands + your human hands, then give option to also turn you hands into tentacles again. Say yes to this option 3 times and you get choice to become permanently tentacled and join her as one of her members in the tentacle pleasure hive, where you and other members service the ladies during off hours and during on hours, you service each other, recieving and giving pleasure 24/7, losing any other needs or responsibilities in the process.]\par
* you are free to choose Tier 1, 2, 3 or 4 scenes. As you unlock them.]\par
\par
=== QQT3\par
\par
=== QQT4\par
\par
\par
\cf4\b ==========================================================================\cf0\b0\par
\cf4\b =Ending(s):  ===============================================================\cf0\b0\par
\i (note: ending as is' game over', not 'encounter end')\par
\i0\par
Continued from total tentacle heaven -> Choose "Yes" for final choice\par
\par
[Scene go]\par
\par
=== QQFE\par
\par
}
 